somehow we ended up with what we do in
the shadows and yes as the series goes
on it's been confirmed that each one of
the main characters is some variant and
intensity of queer not that it really
needed to be confirmed but it's nice to
have these outspoken queer characters
who are queer without being preachy but
Baga made sure that they remember the
part about me telling them that I'm gay
so I mean who isn't gay a lot of people
oh okay woohoo I'll get the trumpets out
sorry the series is a documentary style
comedy featuring frequent cutaways
confessional segments where the vampires
address the audience directly in order
to offer additional elaboration on
either elements of the show or how the
history of vampiric folklore manifests
in the modern day half the BS you see
they are just vampires that have thrown
terrible orgies and they are too ashamed
to regain their vampire form so they
just split around shame bats BS full of
Shame